[Music]
you have to adopt the mentality of an
Irish Street cuff the world is a bad
place people are lazy morons minorities
are criminals sex is sick but
interesting ask yourself what would
scare my grandmother or piss off my
grandfather and that's a Fox story Oh
women are everywhere well let them play
golf and tennis now no charge on the
phone because you call me a skirt yes
yeah attitude off camera was even worse
you're a man hater learn to get along
with the boys you're sexy but you're too
much work I have a whole list we'll
other women come forward you may have
heard there was a dust-up involving
yours truly and presidential contender
Donald Trump there was blood coming out
of her eyes blood coming out of her
wherever God did he just accuse me of
anger men straining wait am I gonna be
the story no no I'm gonna be the story
no nobody stops for watching because of
a conflict they stopped watching when
there isn't one I want to convince you
that I belong on air mr. Ailes
I think I'd be freaking phenomenal on
your network I could pluck you out and
move you to the front of the line
but I need to know that you're loyal I
need you to find a way to prove it even
though I Ron just got that door blocking
his office
someone has to speak up someone has to
get mashed FoxNews star gretchen carlson
dropped a major bomb shell today because
she's doing this could kill Fox News we
need everyone on Team Watcher get it on
put it on these are at the end times you
do understand I have to be above this
Ray you know the entire country is
talking about your period right now
[Music]
sweetheart
this is an island of safety and truth
[Music]
ready to go to war oh yeah
you